----------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of Referee A -- LE13229/Lu
----------------------------------------------------------------------

The authors present a novel quantum simulation of a chemical
isomerization reaction by applying an NMR quantum simulator. The paper
describes the first simulation of this basic and important chemical
process by employing just three different nuclear spins. Although the
quantum simulation is performed with an ensemble of nuclear spins at
room temperature it nevertheless reflects all the required unitary
transformations inherent in such a quantum simulation process. The
importance of this paper is derives from the sophisticated
construction of the complex unitary transformation used to perform
this simulation. I evaluate this as an excellent seminal example of
the application of an NMR quantum simulator to an important chemical
process.

The presentation of the material is very clear and detailed and is
accompanied by very well written supplementary information. The paper
could be published as is.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of Referee B -- LE13229/Lu
----------------------------------------------------------------------

This very well written paper by Lu et al. reports on the first
experimental demonstration of a quantum computing simulation of laser
driven chemical reaction dynamics. The NMR experiment is carried out
using a 3-qubit molecule. An important aspect of this work is the use
of GRAPE to encode the entire circuit into one long shaped pulse. This
dramatically reduces the accumulated error due to gate imperfections.
The authors claim that this method is scalable due to its iterative
implementation as a coherent quantum process. In my opinion this is in
fact the most important aspect of this work, as it can open the door
to further efficient encoding of longer quantum circuits. I encourage
the authors to give this aspect of their work stronger emphasis in the
main text.

As a proof of principle demonstration of the power of quantum
computing I think this is first rate work. Some will object that NMR
simulation is not scalable, but this is beside the point in this case,
since the techniques developed here seem to have wider applicability
and portability beyond NMR. I recommend that the paper be accepted for
publication.

